once we may deploy once be secure of it
go to town boys like it
tie a letís that's what it's called ti
oh oh it's not the uses your period to
use the media variants keepo you see any
fucking periods high hours that wouldn't
make a I want to make an iPhone yeah
you're really done for you know at the
end before the boys been getting its
look shut up TJ do you call hitch
cuz it's fucking TMJ no his teachers
right there's also period c TJ j died no
no isn't dumb isn't it name somebody two
letters of no fouls if your parents did
that to you they're fucking retarded
nobody's does of it that's how I spell
it so how is your fuckin English teacher
I'd hit your ass tough fucking fingers
at the ruler holder piece of shit and
your fucking fingers
you're fuckin hostile is here that is it
the J also capitalized yeah yeah I can't
oh shit well that's I'm pretty sure Tom
Jaycees if discourse within hive
I don't think bad luck should name their
kids TJ is just abbreviation of their
names
keep doing it I always sir
tea